Around the Bridge Street area from my recollections there was the Watchmakers who were just before
M.A. Rapport & Company. After Rapport was J.Bros which was the Jacob Brothers which was
Cecil Rapport's uncles and they lived in Cathedral Road and they had a hosiery company,
cloth company. Then there was Norman Cohen's business but I've forgotten what it was. He
was just further along. Further along Bridge Street after the butcher shop was Glickers.
Glickers was another toy wholesaler, Max Glicker. Further up the road was Salomon's,
the delicatessen, Wally's. Around the corner was the Army and Navy stores which was Motel Boom.
On the other side of the road near the butchers was Gormans, the Fishmongers. Around the corner
was Weesbards, the hardware store that was in Frederick Street. Further up Frederick Street
was the shoe wholesaler, Goldblatz, the shoe wholesaler. Opposite Goldblatz was Bernard and
Mark E.K., the other butchers. I left somebody out in Bridge Street was Gabbers. Gabbers was another
wholesaler. Then I can't think of many more but there was lots of them in that area.